---json
{
    "page_id": "eizc2h0txi0kuld8ikmsc"
}
---
====== Connection - TPCDS ======


===== TPC =====
The ''tpcds'' is the [[built-in|built-in connection]] to the [[docs:system:tpcds|TPC-DS benchmark system]]

===== Tables =====

The following tabular tables are available
<unit>
<code bash>
tabul data list  [!s]*@tpcds
</code>
<console>
path                     type           
----------------------   ------------   
call_center              sql/relation   
catalog_page             sql/relation   
catalog_returns          sql/relation   
catalog_sales            sql/relation   
customer                 sql/relation   
customer_address         sql/relation   
customer_demographics    sql/relation   
date_dim                 sql/relation   
dbgen_version            sql/relation   
household_demographics   sql/relation   
income_band              sql/relation   
inventory                sql/relation   
item                     sql/relation   
promotion                sql/relation   
reason                   sql/relation   
time_dim                 sql/relation   
warehouse                sql/relation   
web_page                 sql/relation   
web_returns              sql/relation   
web_sales                sql/relation   
web_site                 sql/relation
</console>
</unit>
